+++
title = "About"
[extra]
no_wrap_images = true
+++

{{ float_img(float="right", width=300, src="about/avatar.jpg", alt="Mole's self-portrait profile picture") }}

Mikael Myyrä, known online as Molentum (a pun on his last name which translates to Mole), is a
professional programmer, university student majoring in computer science, and
general nerdlord from Jyväskylä, Finland. He has unreasonably high ambitions in
all areas of his life, especially his hobbies. The most prominent of these are
game development, graphic art, music, disc golf, and competitive Beat Saber. As
of fall 2021 he is studying for his master's degree specializing in simulations
at the University of Jyväskylä, while also working part-time as a fullstack web
developer at the same university's Digital Services, and still somehow finding
time to write exhaustingly long run-on sentences about himself in third person
on his website in a (likely doomed) attempt to sound just pretentious enough to
come across as competent and respectable but not so much as to be offputtingly
pompous.

When it comes to coding for fun, Mole's passions lie in geometry and movement.
In other words, if it involves vectors and matrices, he's probably interested.
If it makes pictures appear on a screen, he's already hooked. His pet project
and the primary subject of his blog is
[Starframe](https://github.com/m0lentum/starframe), a 2D game engine with a
focus on side-scrolling physics. He has strong opinions on game design and
considers himself an expert on platformers.

In art he's a big fan of fantasy and surreal horror themes, and simple, stylized
workflows with strong shape designs and heavy contrasts. In music, it's heavy
metal all the way. Anything heavy goes, but progressive melodic death metal is
his favorite subgenre. He also plays the guitar and is slowly learning to
write his own music.
